generate systemd units in tt pack (#213)
tarantool/tt: doc/examples.rst

Now the result package may be distributed and installed using dpkg command.
The package will be installed in /usr/share/tarantool/package_name directory.

> RPM and Deb packaging include systemd units installation in system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPM and Deb packages contain systemd unit files, which are responsible for starting/stopping application instances on target system.
```

Author: Fixed.

There are two units that will be installed after unpacking::

   /
   └── etc
       └── systemd
           └── system
               ├── <package-name>.service
               └── <package-name>%.service

> ``<package-name>.service`` is responsible to start all instances of the installed environment.

Author: Fixed.

For starting, call:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ systemctl start <package-name>.service

> ``<package-name>%.service`` is responsible to start the one instance from the environment.

Author: Fixed.

For starting, call:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ systemctl start <package-name>@<instance-name>.service

For passing custom values to the unit template, use the flag ``--systemd-unit-params`` and pass a path to the file with parameters.

> It accepts a path to a text key-value file, that looks the next:

Author: Fixed.

.. code-block:: text

    TT=/usr/bin/tt
    ConfigPath=/path/cfg/tarantool.yaml
    EnvName=customEnvName
    FdLimit=2048

> There is no mandatory parameters, all the missed parameters will be set to default values.

Author: Fixed.

The default values are:

> - TT: <tt binary, if there is no binaries in the package than its value is 'tt', otherwise a path to bin file in the host system>

Author: Fixed.

> - ConfigPath: <the path to tarantool.yaml file in the host system>

Author: Target, fixed.
